y'all is finished here anyhow boxing
video yes and what is it money power
potato PR x MJ yes and it's the first
gray slime slime ding - I see you same
as mine and this is his yeah these are
the boots
okay robin van persie obviously is
wayneb is after a even though he was
given me little zones by superfoods Oh
boots yes so there's a top great one
this is leather all the way
Toys Toys whatever that means not
correct Taurus okay spring frame and B
power spiders look at the stats man
this one's from D I got this from the
what I got it AB sodium this way okay I
think it's from the
al0 yes yeah it's very flexible
yes keep up I don't need power
yes expense quite a fat bits so yeah yes
sock liner it's ten times better than
mine yeah look at this difference this
is why I should get a difference there
are predators and step ups audience this
poor thing
yeah sure okay and new sizes size eight
yeah cause of it but this is put a
stretcher lots yeah so this then that's
not that I mean bladed studs another
plate stead of little there yeah I
just rip
pretty good for shooting yeah yes
objection
into the ground is better than the
little zones versus little small for
control yes yes more power because
lethal zones happy are zero
yeah the adizero the speakership any of
my coach and I was yeah because you my
coach was it with night implement this
this was the last color in a funny
relief puzzles were released I believe
yes yeah it was the shooting rubber
power okay and this is the IB power
predators sighs it looks very nice and
remember see where's this it's a bit
already
oh well I just realize this spot here I
think it's improve the durability of the
shoe so that me lettuce change of the
soleplate yes so great today
well done Ally that's with that yes so
the Mendes here bring you unboxing video
of the potatoes body part are the just a
departed dentist your xlg yes so Susan
with more unboxing love some boots bye
bye bye people